Trim the manuscript more (#449)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-manuscript: content/02.introduction.md

To address these barriers, multiple national and international consortia have collaborated to uniformly collect clinically-annotated surgical biosamples and associated germline materials through both observational and interventional clinical trials.
The Pediatric Brain Tumor Atlas (PBTA) initiative established in 2018 by the Children's Brain Tumor Network (CBTN, cbtn.org)[@doi:10.1016/j.neo.2022.100846] and the Pacific Pediatric Neuro-Oncology Consortium (PNOC, pnoc.us) built upon 12 years of enrollment, sample collection, and clinical followup across over 30 institutions.
Just as cooperation accelerates specimens and data sharing, collaboration among both computational researchers and bench scientists, clinicians, and pathologists is critical for rigorous genomic analysis.

Although there has been significant progress elucidating genomic bases of pediatric brain tumor formation and progression, translating therapeutic agents to phase II or III clinical trials and subsequent FDA approvals have not kept pace.

> Within the last 20 years, the FDA has approved only seven targeted agents for treating pediatric brain tumors [@url:https://www.fda.gov/about-fda/oncology-center-excellence/pediatric-oncology-drug-approvals], making it challenging for researchers to obtain therapeutic agents for pediatric clinical trials.

Reviewer: I do not think these sentences can be combined this way: I believe the implied causality goes the other way. No access means no trials means no approvals.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @jashapiro and in the last PR with @jaclyn-taroni we trimmed these two sentences significantly.

> Critically an 2020 amendment to the Pediatric Research Equity Act called the "Research to Accelerate Cures and Equity (RACE) for Children Act" mandates that all new adult oncology drugs also be tested in children when the molecular target exists in a childhood cancer [@doi:10.1158/2159-8290.CD-NB2020-081].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Critically, a 2020 amendment to the Pediatric Research Equity Act called the "Research to Accelerate Cures and Equity (RACE) for Children Act" mandates that all new adult oncology drugs also be tested in children when the molecular target exists in a childhood cancer [@doi:10.1158/2159-8290.CD-NB2020-081].
```

> Together, the RACE Act and genomics advances to identify putative molecular targets in pediatric cancers will accelerate identification of previously-overlooked but effective therapeutics for pediatric diseases.

Reviewer: A different edit... I might also remove either `previously-overlooked` or `but effective`, as I think previosuly-overlooked maybe isn't needed, and I hope that effective is implied (I know, I know).
```suggestion
The RACE Act, coupled with genomics advances to identify molecular targets in pediatric cancers, will accelerate identification of previously-overlooked but effective therapeutic options.
```

We anticipated that a model of open collaboration would enhance the PBTA's value and provide a framework for ongoing analysis of pediatric brain tumor datasets.
Leveraging diverse scientific and analytical expertise, we established the OpenPBTA, which employs an open science model with features such as analytical code review [@doi:10.1093/aje/kwab092; @doi:10.7287/peerj.preprints.3210v1] and continuous integration [@doi:10.1038/nbt.3780; @doi:10.7287/peerj.preprints.3210v1], thereby ensuring reproducibility throughout the project's lifetime.
Through OpenPBTA, we present a comprehensive, collaborative, open genomic analysis of 1,074 tumors and 22 cell lines, comprised of 58 distinct brain tumor histologies from 943 patients.

> The data and containerized infrastructure of OpenPBTA have already supported discovery and translational research studies [@doi:10.1016/j.celrep.2021.108917; @doi:10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-22-0803; @doi:10.1136/jitc-2021-004450; @doi:10.1093/neuonc/noac278], are actively integrated into PNOC molecular tumor board decision-making, and have provided a foundational layer for the recently-established NCI's Childhood Cancer Data Initiative's (CCDI) pediatric Molecular Targets Platform ([https://moleculartargets.ccdi.cancer.gov/](https://moleculartargets.ccdi.cancer.gov/)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data and containerized infrastructure of OpenPBTA have already supported discovery and translational research studies [@doi:10.1016/j.celrep.2021.108917; @doi:10.1158/1078-0432.CCR-22-0803; @doi:10.1136/jitc-2021-004450; @doi:10.1093/neuonc/noac278], are actively integrated into PNOC molecular tumor board decision-making, and have provided a foundational layer for the Childhood Cancer Data Initiative's (CCDI) recently-established pediatric Molecular Targets Platform ([https://moleculartargets.ccdi.cancer.gov/](https://moleculartargets.ccdi.cancer.gov/)).
```
suggestion

> We anticipate OpenPBTA will continue to be an invaluable resource to the pediatric oncology community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We anticipate OpenPBTA will continue to be invaluable to the pediatric oncology community.
```
another suggestion
